Csur-2024-08-20 (#190)
api3dao/contracts: .changeset/thirty-berries-rhyme.md

---
'@api3/contracts': major
---

> - Removed dAPI and Market support from old BOB testnet config and re-added using the new BOB testnet configuration (with the same alias)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed dAPI and Market support from deprecated BOB testnet and added to active BOB testnet (with the same alias)
```
Nit.
